Add Burnish Components — Lit 3 structured-data components (#122)
mateusortiz/webcomponents-the-right-way: README.md

- [Blackstone UI](https://github.com/kjantzer/bui) - Web components for creating interfaces by Blackstone Publishing.
- [Blaze UI Atoms](https://github.com/BlazeSoftware/atoms) - Set of web components powered by Blaze CSS.
- [Brightspace UI core](https://github.com/BrightspaceUI/core) - Collection of web components for building Brightspace applications.

> - [Burnish Components](https://github.com/danfking/burnish) - 10 Lit 3 web components for rendering structured data as UI — cards, tables, charts, stat bars, forms, pipelines, messages, sections, metrics, actions. Built to drive the [Burnish Explorer](https://burnish-demo.fly.dev) but usable standalone in any app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Burnish Components](https://github.com/danfking/burnish/tree/main/packages/components) - Web components for rendering MCP tool-call output as UI.
```
